On a week to week basis this class has the lightest workload of any class I have taken in OMSA, by a large margin. The homework is so simplistic it's almost pointless. To bring this class up to a similar content level of other OMSA courses you'd basically need to double the amount of content. For example we spent four weeks of a ten week term covering linear regression and it could have easily been managed in two weeks. This is a topic that has been covered in some form or fashion in three of the four other classes I have taken. No one in this class should need this slow an introduction to this topic (this is an advanced core class after all). The topics later in the semester, network analysis, text analytics and association mining were better but they were covered at a pretty superficial level to me. This class would have been better if we dove into the details on these topics rather than spend so much time on a topic that everyone in this class should be fairly familiar with at this point (linear regression)

The homework assignments are not hard, but they do nothing to enhance your understanding of the content or prepare you for what is expected on the exam. Most of the homeworks are basically a reperformance of the sample code provided in lecture. Almost zero thought or analysis is required.

I would have rated the difficulty as very easy if it hadn't been for the final exam. The homework and sample exam questions did not prepare me for the level of detail demanded on the first part of the exam (50 multiple choice questions). Given my performance on part 1 I made a better effort to prepare for part two of the exam. I felt prepared for part two content wise but not prepared for the awful format. Exam questions in a pdf, answers placed in a word document and 30 questions almost all of them requiring coding resulted in a three hour frenzy of coding, alt-tabbing and copy and pasting.

This was another disappointing class from the business school. Based on my experiences in 6203 and 6754, I will be avoiding all other classes offered by the business school unless I see actual evidence of quality content being created. This class just feels like another missed opportunity
